Update scalar docs so that it's a bit easier to read (#593)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: docs/01_general/01_schema-basics.md

<!--alex ignore-->

Scalar types are similar to Python primitive types. Here’s the list of the
default scalar types in GraphQL:

* Int, a signed 32-bit integer, maps to python’s int
* Float, a signed double-precision floating-point value, maps to python’s float
* String, maps to python’s str
* Boolean, true or false, maps to python’s bool
* ID, a unique identifier that usually used to refetch an object or as the key
  for a cache. Serialized as string and available as `strawberry.ID(“value”)`

> **NOTE:** Strawberry also includes support for date, time and datetime
> objects, they are not officially included with the GraphQL spec, but they are
> usually needed in most servers. They are serialized as ISO-8601.

<!--alex ignore-->

> These primitives work for the majority for the uses cases, but you can also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These primitives work for the majority of use cases, but you can also
```

Reviewer: Almost there. `uses cases` -> `use cases`

Author: Damn, missed that
